Bloom all over in the indigo of the night, the reason to live
Let your scars, lies, and pain become poetry
What can I save by writing about my dreams and love?
Be the light that dyes the gloomy sky
Ikiru yosuga (Reason For Existence)
A trite form of happiness in this world, That's not enough to fill the void
I'm a liar saying I'm alive, With this heart like a machine
Can't do, can't understand, can't change
Words become worthless tones
Can't be satisfied, can't be fulfilled, With a song like this
Oh I can't light up anyone's heart
Tear up and slash the sorrow of the night, the reason to live
Let your mistakes, answers, today and future become poetry
Can you hear this voice I’m playing now?
It’s the foolish cry from stupid me
Please give this life
A reason to live tomorrow
Please find me
The midday moon that is certainly there
My throat hurts as I swallowed the words, What is this getting stuck in my chest?
I looked up at the darkness that swallowed my heart, I reach for the glowing red
Not everything will be rewarded, Even time and money might be wasted
Someday everything will fade into the past
Still I sing because I was born here
Just being right cannot save everything
If not crying is the way to be strong
I'll just stay weak
Tear up and slash the sorrow of the night, the reason to live
Let your mistakes, answers, today and future become poetry
I don't know, I don't know about our ability or life
Even if it's full of lies, But still
Live
Night ends without love or anything else
The reason you were born can be added afterwards
When dying, never call it beauty
There's no flower that blooms to fall
Fill up something uglily beautiful, And my missing heart
With what songs, what words
Can I become the reason of the dark night?
I wish for only one thing from God